README.md, before:

# The Q-CTRL Back-end Challenge

The goal of this challenge is to create a web-based API using [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/). The API should be backed by a [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) database and conform to the [JSON API](http://jsonapi.org/) specification.

To get started please fork this repository and when you're finished create a pull request.

## Brief

The brief has been divided into six features:

1.  [Create pulse](#create-pulse)
1.  [List pulses](#list-pulses)
1.  [Retrieve pulse](#retrieve-pulse)
1.  [Modify pulse](#modify-pulse)
1.  [Delete pulse](#delete-pulse)
1.  [Upload pulse](#upload-pulse)

---

### Create pulse

Implement an endpoint that creates a pulse. A pulse has a name (string),
maximum rabi rate(float, between 0 and 100) and polar angle(float, between 0 and 1).

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Create pulse

    When I request POST /pulses/ with
    a name of "primitive",
    a maxumum rabi rate of 1
    and a polar angle of 0.5
    Then I should see the new pulse

##### Scenario 2: Pulse validation

    When I request POST /pulses/ with an empty body
    Then I should see a 400 bad request response
    And I should see error messages

---

### List pulses

Implement an endpoint that lists evaluations.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Show pulses

    Given I have 10 pulses
    When I request GET /pulses/
    Then I should see a list of 5 evaluations with ids from 1 to 5

##### Scenario 2: Show more pulses

    Given I have 10 pulses
    When I request GET /pulses/?page=2
    Then I should see 5 evaluations with the ids from 5 to 10

---

### Retrieve pulse

Implement an endpoint that can retrieve a specific pulse.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Show pulse

    Given I have a pulse with the id of 1
    When I request GET /pulses/1
    Then I should see pulse 1

---

### Modify pulse

Implement an endpoint that can modify a specific pulse.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Modify pulse name

    Given I have a pulse with the id of 1
    And is named "wimperis 1"
    When I send a PATCH /pulses/1 request with a new name "primitive" in the body
    Then I should see pulse 1 named "primitive"

---

### Delete pulse

Implement an endpoint that can delete a specific pulse.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Modify pulse name

    Given I have a pulse with the id of 1
    When I send a DELETE /pulses/1 request
    Then I should see a "no content" response

---

### Upload pulse

Implement an endpoint that can accept a CSV file where each row represents a pulse.

Commit message:

Added table of pulse attributes

README.md, after:

# The Q-CTRL Back-end Challenge

The goal of this challenge is to create a web-based API using [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/). The API should be backed by a [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) database and conform to the [JSON API](http://jsonapi.org/) specification.

To get started please fork this repository and when you're finished create a pull request.

## Brief

The brief has been divided into six features:

1.  [Create pulse](#create-pulse)
1.  [List pulses](#list-pulses)
1.  [Retrieve pulse](#retrieve-pulse)
1.  [Modify pulse](#modify-pulse)
1.  [Delete pulse](#delete-pulse)
1.  [Upload pulse](#upload-pulse)

Below are the attributes of a pulse. All attributes are required.

| Name              | Type   | Min | Max |
|-------------------|--------|-----|-----|
| name              | string |     |     |
| maximum_rabi_rate | float  | 0   | 100 |
| polar_angle       | float  | 0   | 1   |

---

### Create pulse

Implement an endpoint that creates a pulse.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Create pulse

    When I request POST /pulses/ with
    a name of "primitive",
    a maxumum rabi rate of 1
    and a polar angle of 0.5
    Then I should see the new pulse

##### Scenario 2: Pulse validation

    When I request POST /pulses/ with an empty body
    Then I should see a 400 bad request response
    And I should see error messages

---

### List pulses

Implement an endpoint that lists evaluations.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Show pulses

    Given I have 10 pulses
    When I request GET /pulses/
    Then I should see a list of 5 evaluations with ids from 1 to 5

##### Scenario 2: Show more pulses

    Given I have 10 pulses
    When I request GET /pulses/?page=2
    Then I should see 5 evaluations with the ids from 5 to 10

---

### Retrieve pulse

Implement an endpoint that can retrieve a specific pulse.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Show pulse

    Given I have a pulse with the id of 1
    When I request GET /pulses/1
    Then I should see pulse 1

---

### Modify pulse

Implement an endpoint that can modify a specific pulse.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Modify pulse name

    Given I have a pulse with the id of 1
    And is named "wimperis 1"
    When I send a PATCH /pulses/1 request with a new name "primitive" in the body
    Then I should see pulse 1 named "primitive"

---

### Delete pulse

Implement an endpoint that can delete a specific pulse.

#### Scenarios

##### Scenario 1: Modify pulse name

    Given I have a pulse with the id of 1
    When I send a DELETE /pulses/1 request
    Then I should see a "no content" response

---

### Upload pulse

Implement an endpoint that can accept a CSV file where each row represents a pulse.
